
The Telephone Game

Multilingual.

To play:

1) Players enter phrases to begin a translation chain.

2) Players translate phrases from one language to another. 
As they do, the game tracks the chain of translated phrases.
Each link connects two different languages.

3) When a link is added to a chain that already contains
that language, the two phrases in the same language are 
compared for equivalence. If they are considered equivalent,
the players who performed the translation in the chain are
awarded points proportional to the length of the chain and
the difficulty of the language translations along the path.

Stage 3 seems to be the hardest part of the game design.
Alternatives:

a) Players are asked to compare phrases on a subjective
scale: 
	"equivalent" 
	"similar" 
	"not even close"
A potential problem with this would exist if players 
intentionally entered bad judgements to disrupt the system.

b) If enough alternate translations existed, players could
choose the most equivalent phrase out of a set of candidates.
This would give us a finer way to resolve differences and
people could be awarded points based on how many others 
agreed with their judgements.


INFORMATION REPRESENTATION

1) Nodes in a graph represent phrases. Each phrase has the following attributes:
  a) text
  b) language
  c) originator

2) Edges in the graph represent relationships between phrases. 
  a) edges that connect phrases in different languages represent translations.
     These are directed and are tagged with the translator.
  b) edges that connect phrases in the same language represent evaluations.
     These are undirected and are tagged with the evaluator.

ANNOTATIONS

1) Optionally, translations (edges) can be marked with the location where the translation was made.
2) Optionally, phrases (nodes) can be annotated with audio recordings of the associated phrases.

EVALUATION

1) Nodes in the graph are represented as electrical nodes with computable voltages.
2) Edges that correspond to translations are represented with resistors.
3) Edges that correspond to evaluations are represented with current sources.
Current represents the "difference" in meaning. Similar phrases result in
low or no current. Dissimilar phrases introduce high current.
4) Voltage differences across translation resistors indicate the quality of
the translation. Low differences indicate good translations.
5) Voltage or power through resistors can be used to eliminate bad translation
links. This would be analagous to blowing a fuse.
